[Google Chat SDK](../README.md) / [chat\_v1](../modules/chat_v1.md) / Schema$DeprecatedEvent

# Interface: Schema$DeprecatedEvent

[chat_v1](../modules/chat_v1.md).Schema$DeprecatedEvent

Google Chat events.

## Table of contents

### Properties

- [action](chat_v1.Schema_DeprecatedEvent.md#action)
- [common](chat_v1.Schema_DeprecatedEvent.md#common)
- [configCompleteRedirectUrl](chat_v1.Schema_DeprecatedEvent.md#configcompleteredirecturl)
- [dialogEventType](chat_v1.Schema_DeprecatedEvent.md#dialogeventtype)
- [eventTime](chat_v1.Schema_DeprecatedEvent.md#eventtime)
- [isDialogEvent](chat_v1.Schema_DeprecatedEvent.md#isdialogevent)
- [message](chat_v1.Schema_DeprecatedEvent.md#message)
- [space](chat_v1.Schema_DeprecatedEvent.md#space)
- [threadKey](chat_v1.Schema_DeprecatedEvent.md#threadkey)
- [token](chat_v1.Schema_DeprecatedEvent.md#token)
- [type](chat_v1.Schema_DeprecatedEvent.md#type)
- [user](chat_v1.Schema_DeprecatedEvent.md#user)

## Properties

### action

• `Optional` **action**: [`Schema$FormAction`](chat_v1.Schema_FormAction.md)

The form action data associated with an interactive card that was clicked. Only populated for CARD_CLICKED events. See the [Interactive Cards guide](/chat/how-tos/cards-onclick) for more information.

#### Defined in

node_modules/@googleapis/chat/build/v1.d.ts:332

___

### common

• `Optional` **common**: [`Schema$CommonEventObject`](chat_v1.Schema_CommonEventObject.md)

This will include form information for dialogs such as form inputs, action parameters.

#### Defined in

node_modules/@googleapis/chat/build/v1.d.ts:336

___

### configCompleteRedirectUrl

• `Optional` **configCompleteRedirectUrl**: ``null`` \| `string`

The URL the bot should redirect the user to after they have completed an authorization or configuration flow outside of Google Chat. See the [Authorizing access to 3p services guide](/chat/how-tos/auth-3p) for more information.

#### Defined in

node_modules/@googleapis/chat/build/v1.d.ts:340

___

### dialogEventType

• `Optional` **dialogEventType**: ``null`` \| `string`

The type of dialog event we have received.

#### Defined in

node_modules/@googleapis/chat/build/v1.d.ts:344

___

### eventTime

• `Optional` **eventTime**: ``null`` \| `string`

The timestamp indicating when the event was dispatched.

#### Defined in

node_modules/@googleapis/chat/build/v1.d.ts:348

___

### isDialogEvent

• `Optional` **isDialogEvent**: ``null`` \| `boolean`

Whether or not this event is related to dialogs request, submit or cancel. This will be set to true when we want a request/submit/cancel event.

#### Defined in

node_modules/@googleapis/chat/build/v1.d.ts:352

___

### message

• `Optional` **message**: [`Schema$Message`](chat_v1.Schema_Message.md)

The message that triggered the event, if applicable.

#### Defined in

node_modules/@googleapis/chat/build/v1.d.ts:356

___

### space

• `Optional` **space**: [`Schema$Space`](chat_v1.Schema_Space.md)

The space in which the event occurred.

#### Defined in

node_modules/@googleapis/chat/build/v1.d.ts:360

___

### threadKey

• `Optional` **threadKey**: ``null`` \| `string`

The bot-defined key for the thread related to the event. See the thread_key field of the `spaces.message.create` request for more information.

#### Defined in

node_modules/@googleapis/chat/build/v1.d.ts:364

___

### token

• `Optional` **token**: ``null`` \| `string`

A secret value that bots can use to verify if a request is from Google. The token is randomly generated by Google, remains static, and can be obtained from the Google Chat API configuration page in the Cloud Console. Developers can revoke/regenerate it if needed from the same page.

#### Defined in

node_modules/@googleapis/chat/build/v1.d.ts:368

___

### type

• `Optional` **type**: ``null`` \| `string`

The type of the event.

#### Defined in

node_modules/@googleapis/chat/build/v1.d.ts:372

___

### user

• `Optional` **user**: [`Schema$User`](chat_v1.Schema_User.md)

The user that triggered the event.

#### Defined in

node_modules/@googleapis/chat/build/v1.d.ts:376
